Add internationalization documentation (#10893)
jupyterlab/jupyterlab: docs/source/developer/internationalization.rst

.. note::

    Crowdin is uploading automatically its source strings using `GitHub Integration <https://support.crowdin.com/github-integration/>`_ set up
    with the Crowdin account of *jupyterlab-bot*.

    The script used for this workflow is `02_update_catalogs.py <https://github.com/jupyterlab/language-packs/blob/master/scripts/02_update_catalogs.py>`_.

Translation update
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The new and/or updated translation are automatically pushed to the *language-packs* repository.
The workflow is as follow:

1. A contributor updates the translation on JupyterLab Crowdin project
2. A new commit with those changes are pushed to the *language-packs* repository on a branch named
   ``l10n_master``.
3. If there is no pull request associated with that branch, a new pull request will be opened.
4. A maintainer needs to merge that pull request.

.. note::

    Crowdin is uploading automatically the translation using `GitHub Integration <https://support.crowdin.com/github-integration/>`_ set up
    with the Crowdin account of *jupyterlab-bot*. Hence the commits and pull request is attributed
    to the bot.

    If the branch is deleted, it will be re-created.

.. warning::

>     To avoid merge conflicts on those translation update pull requests, they must to be merged before

Reviewer: Maybe we could add, that in case of conflicts on a PR we simply can close the PR and wait for crowdin to re-create a new PR that will no longer have conflicts?

Author: Done

1. Edit ``repository-map.yaml`` by adding new repositories and/or updating the target version.
2. Push the change in a pull request.
3. Once the pull request is merged, the workflow `Update source strings <https://github.com/jupyterlab/language-packs/blob/master/.github/workflows/update_pot.yml>`_ will automatically be triggered.
4. That workflow will open a new pull request that update the source strings and optionally the Crowdin configuration.
5. Once that pul request is merged, Crowdin will upload the new source strings automatically.

.. note::

    Crowdin is uploading automatically its source strings using `GitHub Integration <https://support.crowdin.com/github-integration/>`_ set up
    with the Crowdin account of *jupyterlab-bot*.

    The script used for this workflow is `02_update_catalogs.py <https://github.com/jupyterlab/language-packs/blob/master/scripts/02_update_catalogs.py>`_.

Translation update
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The new and/or updated translation are automatically pushed to the *language-packs* repository.
The workflow is as follow:

1. A contributor updates the translation on JupyterLab Crowdin project

> 2. A new commit with those changes are pushed to the *language-packs* repository on a branch named

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. A new commit with those changes is pushed to the *language-packs* repository on a branch named
```

   ``l10n_master``.
3. If there is no pull request associated with that branch, a new pull request will be opened.
4. A maintainer needs to merge that pull request.

.. note::

>     Crowdin is uploading automatically the translation using `GitHub Integration <https://support.crowdin.com/github-integration/>`_ set up

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Crowdin is automatically uploading the translation using `GitHub Integration <https://support.crowdin.com/github-integration/>`_ set up
```

    with the Crowdin account of *jupyterlab-bot*. Hence the commits and pull request is attributed
    to the bot.

    If the branch is deleted, it will be re-created.

.. warning::

>     To avoid merge conflicts on those translation update pull requests, they should to be merged before

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    To avoid merge conflicts on those translation update pull requests, they should be merged before
```

    any ``repository-map.yaml`` pull requests as those will update the source strings. If not, the pull
    requests updating the source strings need to be closed in order for the Crowdin integration to
    re-open the PR.

Language packs update
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Before a release of updated language packs with new translations from Crowdin the language packs need to be prepared by updating the version strings of all packages.

> This is done by trigger manually the `Prepare language packs for release <https://github.com/jupyterlab/language-packs/blob/master/.github/workflows/prepare_release.yml>`_ workflow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is done by manually triggering the `Prepare language packs for release <https://github.com/jupyterlab/language-packs/blob/master/.github/workflows/prepare_release.yml>`_ workflow.
```

There is one optional setting:

- The new version in form *X.Y.postZ* - if not provided, the post number will be bumped.

.. image:: prep_language_packs.png

The workflow is:

1. Trigger the manual *Prepare language packs for release* workflow  
2. That workflow will open a new pull request with the changes to the language packs
3. The validation workflow `Check language packs version <https://github.com/jupyterlab/language-packs/blob/master/.github/workflows/check_version.yml>`_ should pass on that pull request
4. A maintainer needs to merge the pull request

.. note::

>     The version policy applies on the language packs is to follow major and minor version numbers of 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The version policy for the language packs is to follow major and minor version numbers of 
```
